Add Payments section in UG (#150)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T13-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

   - [Notifications](#notifications)
     - [Birthday notifications](#birthday-notifications)
   - [Payments](#payments)
     - [Money Amount Format](#money-amount-format)

>       - [Pay a contact money: `pay`](#pay-a-contact-money-pay)

Reviewer: skill issue

Author: Thanks! Fixed in 9a19b1bc394d3c2da11ab6a108eed7a6f80def25

## Payments

> CampusConnect allows you to keep track of payments between you and your friends! Each contact has a **balance**, which is the amount of money that you owe them (or that they owe you). This balance is positive if they owe you money, and negative if you owe them money.

Reviewer 2: not sure if i might be nitpicking too much but should we change `friends` to `contacts` for standardization of persona?

Author: Yes! Good point

Every time you record a payment to or from a contact, their balance will be updated accordingly so that you can settle your debts easily. Instead of displaying positive or negative balances, **balances are reflected directly in the contact list** with easily-understandable human-readable explanations, like so:

> ![Payment Image](images/ContactArrowPayment.png)

Reviewer 2: the arrows seem a little fuzzy when rendered, not sure if you are using a solid arrow in labelling of picture

Author: Oh yeah I used a fuzzy arrow, is that ok?

- You may enter money amounts with a **dollar sign** (`$`) prefix.
- You may enter money amounts with **trailing zeroes**.

</box>

<box theme="info" icon=":fa-solid-magnifying-glass:">

**Each format rule in action:**

- Rule 1: `10` is a valid money amount, but `-10` is not.
- Rule 2: `10.05`, `10.5`, `10`, `0.5`, `0.05` are all valid money amounts, but `.50` is not.
- Rule 3: `10.55` is a valid money amount, but `10.555` is not.

**Convenience features in action:**
- `$10` is a valid money amount, and is equivalent to `10`.
- `010` is a valid money amount, and is equivalent to `10`.
- `00000000005.55` is also a valid money amount, and is equivalent to `5.55`.

</box>

Now that you understand how to enter money when using our app, you can proceed to learn how to record payments in CampusConnect!

### Pay a contact money: `pay`

Records a payment from you to a contact. The amount **the contact owes you** increases by that amount after this transaction.

Format: `pay INDEX AMOUNT`

> - `INDEX` is the index of the contact in the contact list.

Reviewer 2: i think we should standardize this to `PERSON_INDEX` since notes feature has 2 distinct index

- `AMOUNT` is the amount of money you pay the contact, written in valid [money format](#money-amount-format).

<box theme="info" icon=":fa-solid-magnifying-glass:">

**Examples:**

> Suppose you have a contact at index `1` with a balance of `$10`. Then:

Reviewer 2: perhaps can consider understanding from the users perspective (since as I was reading this, I found it at the start difficult to follow because of the idea of balance being negative) but anyway, this is on the implementation side and not shown to users. perhaps can consider

```suggestion
Suppose you have a contact at index `1` that owes you `$10`. Then:
```

- `pay 1 10` records a payment of `$10` from you to the contact at index `1`.
- `pay 1 $0.5` records a payment of `$0.50` from you to the contact at index `1`.

> At the end of both commands, the contact at index `1` will have a balance of `$20.50`.

Reviewer 2: should standardize with how you explain this statement later under `owe` command?

```suggestion
At the end of both commands, **the contact owes you`$20.50`**.
```

- `pay 1 -3` does NOT record any payment. Recall that money amounts must follow CampusConnect's [money format](#money-amount-format), which does not accept negative amounts.

</box>

If you're looking to record a payment from a contact to you, read ahead on how you can use the [owe](#owe-a-contact-money-owe) command instead!

### Owe a contact money: `owe`

Records a payment from a contact to you. The amount **you owe the contact** increases by that amount after this transaction.

Format: `owe INDEX AMOUNT`

- `INDEX` is the index of the contact in the contact list.
- `AMOUNT` is the amount of money you owe the contact, written in valid [money amount format](#money-amount-format).

<box theme="info" icon=":fa-solid-magnifying-glass:">

**Examples:**

> Suppose you have a contact at index `1` with a balance of `$10`. Then:

Reviewer 2: ditto, see above comment

> - `owe 1 9` records a payment of `$10` from the contact at index `1` to you.

Reviewer 2: this should be `$9`?

```suggestion
`owe 1 9` records a payment of `$9` from the contact at index `1` to you.
```
